---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Red level 03 Commands"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Teach'
show: true
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

## Commands

Also known as the imperative form,
commands are very easy to use.
Begin the sentence with a verb and end with an object, a person or a thing.

Tell someone to do something:

- `Answer` the phone, please.
- `Drive` to the post office.
- `Help` me find this information.

The subject in each of these sentences is "you,"
but it doesn't sound correct to use the subject.

- <s>You answer the phone, please.</s>
- <s>You drive to the post office.</s>
- <s>You help me.</s>

Tell someone not to do something:

- Don't do that. (The subject is "you.")
- Don't hit him.
- Don't drive a car without a seat belt.

In each sentence above, the present tense is used and the subject is "you.
The polite form of a command uses the word "please."

- Please give that to me.
- Pass the potatoes, please. (Use the word "pass" when you sit at a table with other people and eat food.)

- Look how beautiful this is.
- Please waters the flowers today.
- Feed the dog.
- Turn on the oven.
- Give me a kiss.

Commands are often used with children.

- Always wear your helmet.
- Hold still for a picture.
- Don't be mad at me.
- Take your hands off your eyes look at me.

If someone doesn't do what you wanted him or her to do, use the word "tell."
For examples: Purple Level tell.

**Quiz** Commands

Part A.

Directions: Fill in the blank with the correct word from the list of word choices below. Some sentences are negative. (10 points)

`tell` / `open` / `wait` / `leave` / `eat` / `bring` / `have` / `go` / `make` / `sit`

- `____` me the newspaper from outside. (bring)
- `____` all of your vegetables! (eat)
- `____` the door! (negative) (don't open)
- `____` on the couch. (sit)
- `____` your muddy shoes outside! (leave)
- Please `____` to work today. You're sick. (negative) (don't go)
- Here. `____` some more coffee. (have)
- `____` my mother I broke her lamp.(negative) (don't tell)
- Please `____` for me here. I'll be right back. (wait)
- `____` that recipe again. It tasted terrible!(negative) (don't make)

Part B.

Directions: Fill in the blank with the correct word from the list below.
Use the polite form with please.
Some of these commands are negative. (10 points)

`do` / `close` / `call` / `let` / `help` / `find` / `clean` / `work` / `see` / `turn`

- `____` `____` your room today. It's a mess. (please clean)
- `____` `____` `____` that any more! It hurts.(negative) (please don't do)
- `____` `____` me! This is hard to do alone. (please help)
- `____` `____` `____` him eat that.  (negative) (please don't let)
- `____` `____` on the light. (please turn)
- `____` the door `____`. (close , please)
- `____` `____` a doctor about that. You're sick! (please see)
- `____` me at that number `____`. (call , please)
- `____` `____` `____` on that computer.(negative)(please don't work)
- `____` `____` your shoes. We have to go.(please find)

### Reading Time : A farm is a great place to work.

A farm is a great place to work.
There are many different jobs to do on a farm,
and farmers spend most of their time outside in the spring, summer, and fall.
Winter is nice also if you don't mind being outside when it's cold.

Farms in the United States produce `crops` such as `corn`, `wheat`, `soybeans`, and `cotton`.
Farms in California and Florida can grow `crops` all year round,
so `the orange juice` you had for breakfast probably came from one of those states.

Some farmers raise `cows` for the production of milk and cheese.
They're called `dairy farmers`.
Dairy farms are very popular in the states of Minnesota and Wisconsin.

Farmers who grow apples and `pears` have large `orchards`.
They're very busy in the fall months of September and October when the fruit `ripens`.
You can go to an `orchard` in the fall and pick your own apples.
By visiting an `orchard`, you can learn a little about what it's like to work on a farm.

**How much do you remember from the reading ? Fill in the blanks.**

- ____ farm is _____ great place to work. (A ... a )
- Farmers ________ most of their time outside. (spend)
- Farms in California and Florida grow _______ all year round. (crops)
- In which states are dairy farms popular?
    - ______ are popular in Minnesota and Wisconsin. (Dairy farms)
- Where do farmers grow their apples?
    - They grow apples in an _________. (orchard)
