---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 10 - Articles"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Teach'
show: true
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

## BL 10 Articles

__Articles 冠词__

`A` / `An` / `The`

Singular | Plural
---------|---------
a / an | the
the | - - -

* `Articles` are used in front of nouns.
* “`a`” or “`an`” are always singular.
* “`the`” is singular or plural.
* Some `plural nouns` don’t use an article. 

When using articles, it’s important to also know the difference between `count and noncount nouns`.

__A : something is general that is a large category__
1. a dog
2. a house
3. a car

__An : is the same as “`A`”, but this used for noun that began with “`a`, `e`, `i`, `o`, `u`” :__

Examples of nouns us “an”:

* an apple
* an elephants
* an island
* an orange
* an umbrella
    
__The : is used for things that are specific__

1.`The dog` across the street …
2.`The house` next door …
3.`The car` outside

sometimes the word is began with “`h`” : `an hour` , If the vowel sound begins the word , then use “`an`” .

### tips:

* First mention : use “`a`” or “`an`”
* Second mention : use “`the`”

### From Video :
Example:

1. This is `a video camera`.   `The` camera is seven years old.   (sub by sub) 
2. This is `a box`. `The` box is empty. (sub by sub) 
3. I’m wearing `an I.D.` badge. `The` badge has my picture on it. (sub by sub) 
4. This is `an apple orchard`. `The` apple trees here are very small. `The` apple trees here are very big. (sub by sub) 
5. Here comes `a tractor`. `The` tractor is pulling `a group of people`. `The` people having a good time. `The` next tractor is coming to a top. `The` tractor is going through the forest. (sub by sub)

__Next :__

* I have glasses.    (plural - a /an)

Or ….  I have a pair of glasses


* You have a hat.  (singular count noun )
￼
__But … the second time you describe the hat, you say :__

* The hat is blue.

* He has `some strawberries`.  (plural count noun)
￼
* `The` strawberries are in his mouth. (second mention)


* She has `a popsicle`. (singular count noun)
￼
* `The` popsicle tastes good! or ….  Popsicles taste good.


* The cat has `some water`. ( Water is a noncount noun - a /an)
￼
* `The` water is in a bowl. The bowl is purple.


* We have time to learn English. (time and English are `noncount nouns`. Sometimes the is used; sometimes it isn’t.)

* They have a good relationship. (relationship is a singular `count noun`)

All three children have `popsicles`.
`The popsicles` taste good. (Popsicle is a plural count noun)
￼
[Click here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=an8HjpVkesM) for a video about using "a" or "an." (youtube)
[Click here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBNvMBpMPt8) for a video about using "the." (youtube)

### “`a`” or “`an`” for one thing 

* a cellphone ,

* I have a wallet, in the wallet, there is a dollar , I have one dollar, there’s a dollar in my hand  -> a dollar = one dollar.
* The word “dollar” is count noun, I would say money in my hand, money is a noncount noun

__what’s the difference between count nouns and noncount nouns :__

In this category (count nouns) : things or people `can be count` so : I have a dollar or a cellphone
if I made this words `plural` ,then we can drop the “`a`” , and just add the “`s`”, so you say “`dollars`”  or “`cellphones`” 

noncount nouns are those things that can’t really be count, so example with be: ”`water`” or ”`money`” , of course you count money, but when you using it as noun, you are not correcting to  use “a” , don’t use “a” in front of words ,”`a water`” or “`a money`” is incorrect.

For more help with count and noncount nouns , search my channel.

Use the word “an” in front of words start with vowel sounds : `a`, `e`, `i`, `o`, `u` ,these are vowel sounds, example : `an apple`, `an egg`, `an island`, `an orange`, `an umbrella`, all of these count nouns, you can count them, and each be get with a vowel sound,

__word begin with the vowel sound :__

* an hour.
* an old book.
* an icy road.
* an apple pie.
* a large house.

__`a` / `an` / `- -` :__

1. This is `a` track
2. He needs `- -` information. (noncount noun)
3. we have `an` idea
4. They saw `a` movie
5. she likes `- -` pizza.(can be a count none or an noncount none, In this case , that’s the table food.that he likes, she likes, pizza).

__The article “`The`” :__

I have a quarter , The quarter is in my hand. 

### There are a lot of rules for articles :
1. Don’t put `an article` in front of `the name` or `a place`.
    * _Correct :_ Minneapolis is a great city.
    * _Not correct :_ The Minneapolis is a great city.
    * __But it’s correct to use the name of a place as an adjective :__
    * The Minneapolis skyline is beautiful at night.

2. `Indefinite amounts` or `general qualities` don’t take an article.
    * Pennies are made of copper.
    * The copper in this penny is turning brown. (This is a specific amount)
    * Water is good for you.
    * The water in this glass tastes bad. (this is a specific amount)

3. Don’t use an article with `possessive nouns` or `pronouns`.
    * This is the Paul’s website 

### Quiz:

__Part A.__ 

Directions: Fill in the blank space with the correct article : “`a`” or “`the`”

1. ____ `coffee` I made isn’t very good.
2. I need to buy ____  `new car`. (any car)
3. I can’t see ____ `sun`.
4. This is ___ `first time` for me.
5. Do you want to see ____ `movie` today? (any movie)
6. Mary goes to ____ `very good school`.
7. I put gas into ____ `car`. (my car / my family’s car)
8. ____ `bus` that I take every day stops right here.
9. That is ____ `very large truck`.
10. Some of ____ `apples` I got at the store are bad.

__Part B.__

Directions: Fill in the blank with “`a`” or “`an`”.

1. She saw ____ `friend` in class.
2. ____ `apple` a day keeps the doctor away.
3. My teacher has ____ `big classroom`.
4. Jose drives ____ `hour` to and from work every day.
5. Is that ___ `fresh apple`. or is it ____ old apple?
6. That is ____ `good way` to learn English.
7. Christine is ____ `honest person`.
8. We once owned ____ `house in Minneapolis`.
9. Do you want to take ____ `English class`?
10. There’s ____ `cracked egg` in the egg carton.

__Part C.__

Directions: Fill in the blank with “`the`” or “`- -`” (nothing).Some of these sentences don’t require “`the`”.(10 points)

1. There was a lot of ____ `rain` last night.
2. ____ `rain` came down hard last night.
3. ____ `history` of Mexico is very interesting.
4. I like to study ____ `history`.
5. ____ `medicine` I took is making me dizzy.
6. I got some ____ `medicine` at the store.
7. They used to live in ____ `United States`.
8. ____ `city` of Chicago is very big.
9. I like to study ____ `English`.
10. ____ `English language` is very difficult.

__(*Remember that some words in some situations don’t use an article)__

__Reading Time :__

Melissa had `a` dental appointment this morning. Her appointment at 9:30 a.m. She arrived at the dentist’s office ten minutes early. When she walked in to `the` office, she checked in with the receptionist. Then she hung up her coat and sat down in `the` waiting area.

After about ten minutes, `the` dental hygienist called Melissa’s name, and Melissa followed `the` hygienist to `a` small room with `a` dentist’s chair. First `the` hygienist took some x-rays. Then she began to clean Melissa’s teeth.

When `the` hygienist finished her work, `the` dentist came in to look at Melissa’s teeth. `The` dentist found `a` cavity, so he told Melissa to come back again soon for `a` filling. Before Melissa left `the` dentist’s office, she made another appointment to have the cavity fixed.

__How much do you remember from the reading? Fill in the blanks.__

* 1A: What time was Melissa’s appointment?
* 1B: It was _____ 9:30 a.m.
* 2A: What did the dental hygienist do ?
* 2B: She ____ Melissa’s teeth.
* 3A: What did the dentist find ?
* 3B: He found a ______.
* 4A: What did the dentist tell Melissa to do ?
* 4B: He told her to _____ _____ again to have her cavity fixed.

refer:[参考]({% link _posts/englishanswer/2017-01-24-BL10Answer.md %})




