---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 21 - Numbers"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Teach'
show: true
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

## Numbers ：数词

- **Ones:**
  - one
  - two
  - three
  - four
  - five
  - six
  - seven
  - eight
  - nine
- **Tens:**
  - ten
  - twenty
  - thirty
  - forty
  - fifty
  - sixty
  - seventy
  - eighty
  - ninety
- **Hundreds:**
  - one hundred
  - two hundred
  - three hundred
  - four hundred
  - five hundred
  - six hundred
  - seven hundred
  - eight hundred
  - nine hundred

**Reading numbers above 100:**

when reading number above 100, read the number in the hundred position, and then the two numbers after it.

For example： 125 is read, one hundred twenty-five.

- 341: three hundred forty-one.
- 965: nine hundred sixty-five.
- 603: six hundred three.

- **Ordinal Numbers:** 序数词
  - first
  - second
  - third
  - fourth
  - fifth
  - sixth
  - seventh
  - eighth
  - ninth
  - tenth
    - eleventh
    - twelfth
    - thirteenth
    - fourteenth
    - fifteenth
    - sixteenth
    - seventeenth
    - eighteenth
    - nineteenth
  - twentieth
    - twenty-first
    - twenty-second
    - twenty-third
    - twenty-fourth
    - twenty-fifth
    - twenty-sixth
    - twenty-seventh
    - twenty-eighth
    - twenty-ninth
  - thirtieth
    - thirty-first
    - ...
  - fortieth
    - forty-first
    - ...
  - fiftieth
    - fifty-first
    - ....
  - sixtieth
    - sixty-first
    - ...
  - seventieth
    - seventy-first
    - ...
  - eightieth
    - eighty-first
    - ...
  - ninetieth
    - ninety-first
    - ...
  - hundredth
    - ninety-first
    - ...
  - thousandth
    - thousandth-first
    - ...

### exercise ： 练习

**Directions**: Use the  correct form of the number for each sentence or question. Write the answer in your notebook.

- We want to Florida for the ____ time. (one/first)
- She turns ____ next week. (thirteen / thirteenth)
- The runner finished in ____ place. (two / second)
- I’ve already reminded you ____ times. (three / third)
- They celebrate the holiday on the ____ of January. (nineteen/ nineteenth)
- This is his ____ year at that company. (twenty / twentieth)
- Please, for the ____ time, stop fighting! (hundred / hundredth)
- The team scored only ____ point in the second quarter.(one / first)
- This quiz is worth ____ points. (twenty / twentieth)
- Their daughter is ____ years old. (five/ fifth)
- Jeremy is in his ____ year in college. (four / fourth)
- Mary had her ____ child last year.(three / third)
- The ____ century was an interesting time in England. (nineteen / nineteenth)
- May I have a ____ helping of food , please ? (two / second)
- The Prime Minister of England lives at ____ Downing Street. (10 / 10th)
- You will only get ____ warning before you get a ticket.(one / first)
- Bob and Linda will celebrate ____ years of marriage this weekend. (forty / fortieth)
- There are ____ days in January. (thirty-one / thirty-first)
- The last day of the month of January is the ____. (thirty-one / thirty-first)
- A ____ -hour movie can be hard to sit through unless it’s very interesting. (three / third )

### Answers: 答案

- We went to Florida for the `first` time. (one / first)
- She turns `thirteen` next week. ( thirteen / thirteenth)
- The runner finished in `second` place. (two / second)
- I've already reminded you `three` times. (three / third)
- They celebrate the holiday on the `nineteenth` of January. (nineteen / nineteenth)
- This is his `twentieth` year at that company. (twenty / twentieth)
- Please, for the `hundredth` time, stop fighting! (hundred / hundredth)
- The team scored only one point in the `second` quarter. (one / first)
- This quiz is worth `twenty` points. (twenty / twentieth)
- Their daughter is `five` years old. (five / fifth)
- Jeremy is in his `fourth` year in college. (four / fourth)
- Mary had her `third` child last year. (three / third)
- The `nineteenth` century was an interesting time in England. (nineteen / nineteenth)
- May I have a `second` helping of food, please? (two / second)
- The Prime Minister of England lives at `10` Downing Street. (10 / 10th)
- You will only get `one` warning before you get a ticket. (one / first)
- Bob and Linda will celebrate `forty` years of marriage this weekend. (forty / fortieth)
- There are `thirty-one` days in January. (thirty-one / thirty-first)
- The last day of the month of January is the `thirty-first`. (thirty-one / thirty-first)
- A `three-hour` movie can be hard to sit through unless it's very interesting. (three / third)

### Reading Time : 阅读时间

```
Normally, on a Friday night they stay at home with their four children, but last night was their `tenth` wedding anniversary (结婚纪念日).
They decided to go out to a restaurant to celebrate `ten` years together as a married couple(已婚夫妇).
Bill made reservations(预定) and Sharon found a babysitter(临时保姆) for the kids.

When they arrived at the restaurant, the hostess(女侍) greeted them at the door.
She showed them to their table, and she gave them menus.
Soon the waiter(男服务员) came to the table and took orders for drinks.
Bill ordered a beer and Sharon ordered a glass of wine(葡萄酒), but they were not ready to order food yet.
They wanted to take some time to look over the menu.
It had many interesting items to choose from.

When the waiter returned to their table, he took their food order.
Bill ordered a steak(牛排) and a potato(马铃薯).
Sharon ordered salmon(三文鱼) and rice.
Each meal(餐) came with a salad(色拉).
The food was delicious!

Before they left to go home, Bill had a surprise for Sharon.
It was necklace(项链).
She was very surprised.
Sharon had a gift for Bill, too.
It was a new iPhone.
Bill loves technology.

Both of them had a really good time last night.
They were happy to be together, and they were happy about their marriage.
```

**How much do you remember from the reading? Fill in the blanks .**

- 1A: How long ago did Sharon and Bill get married ?
- 1B: It was ____ ago.(十年)
- 2A: where did they go to celebrate their anniversary?
- 2B: They went to a nice _____.（餐厅）
- 3A: Who greeted Bill and Sharon when they arrived ?
- 3B: The ____ greeted them. (侍女)
- 4A: What did Bill buy for Sharon ?
- 4B: He bought her a ____ . (项链)
- 5A: What did Sharon buy for Bill ?
- 5B: She bought him an ____. (苹果手机)

(**Answers**: 1. ten years; 2.restaurant; 3.hostess; 4.necklace; 5.iPhone;)
