---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 24 - have to "
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Teach'
show: true
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

## have to : 必须...

**hava to** — present tense

singular | Plural
---------|-------
I have to ___		 |We have to ___
You have to ___	 |You have to ___
He has to ___		 |
She has to ___	 |	They have to ___
It has to ___ |

**Example**:(these sentence are in the present tense)

- You have to go to school tomorrow.
- He has to do some work.
- They have to travel to New York.

“have to” = necessary, important

After “have to” use the simple form of the verb.

**A**: What do you have to do ?
**B**: I have to go shopping.

make past tense :

**A**: What did you have to do ?
**B**: I had to go shopping.

**have to** — Past tense

singular | Plural
---------|-------
I had to ___		 |We had to ___
You had to ___	 |You had to ___
He had to ___		 |
She had to ___	 |	They had to ___
It had to ___ |

**have to** — Present tense (question)

- Do I have to ___ ?
- Do you have to ___ ?
- Does he have to ___ ?
- Does she have to ___ ?
- Does it have to ___ ?

**Have to** — Past tense (question) (always use did)

- Did I have to ___ ?
- Did you have to ___ ?
- Did he have to ___ ?
- Did She have to ___ ?
- Did it have to ___  ?

**Here are some examples:**

- I have to get new glasses.
- You have to get new glasses, too.
- He has to go to work tomorrow.
- She has to talk to her supervisor.
- It has to ripen before we eat it. [tomato]
- We have to get new glasses.
- You have to get up early tomorrow.
- They have to talk about some new ideas.

To make “have to” negative : do + not + have to + main verb

**Singular** | **Plural**
---------|----------
I don’t have to ___ 	| We don’t have to ___
You don’t have to ___	 | You don’t have to ___
He doesn’t have to ___ |
She doesn’t have to ___  | They don’t have to ___
It doesn’t have to ___ |

**Examples**:

- We don’t have to be there until 8:00.
- She doesn’t have to do the dishes tonight.
- They don’t have to clean their house.

**Practice:**

**Directions:** Use “have to” and the verb in parentheses (___) to complete each sentence.

- He ___ ___ ___ his homework. (finish)
- They ___ ___ ___ ___  to work tomorrow.(go — negative)
- Alice ___ ___ ___ a dentist. (see)
- I  ___ ___ ___ eating better. (start)
- You ___ ___ ___ some bread from the store. (get)
- We ___ ___ ___ ___ this chapter. (read — negative)
- She ___ ___ ___ at work by 5:00 a.m.(be)
- This ___ ___ ___ ___ on. (be — negative)
- These glasses ___ ___ ___ right. (fit)
- We ___ ___ ___ English in class.(speak)

**Answers:**

- has to finish
- don’t have to go
- has to see
- have to start
- have to get
- don’t have to read
- has to be
- doesn’t have to be
- have to fit
- have to speak

**part 2**

Making question with “have to” Present Tense

**Singular** | **Plural**
Do I have to ___ 		| Do we have to ___
Do you have to ___		| Do you have to ___
Does he have to ___	|
Does she have to ___	| Do they have to ___
Does it have to ___ |

**Examples:**

**A**: What do you have to do today?
**B**: I have to go to work.

**A**: What does she have to do today?
**B**: She has to get some groceries.

It’s very important to notice that the only part of the question that changes in the helping verb when making a question.
The main verb and “have to” remain in the simple form.

If you use “have to” when forming a past tense question, you only have to change the helping verb from “do” or “does” to “did”.

**Past Tense** : quetsion

**Singular** | **Plural**
-------------|------------
Did I have to ___	 | Did we have to ___
Did you have to ___ | Did you have to ___
Did he have to ___	 |
Did she have to ___ | Did they have to ___
Did it have to ___ |

**Examples:**

**A**: What did you have to do yesterday?
**B**: I had to drive to the airport.

**A**: What did he have to do at school ?
**B**: He had to take a test.

**Here are some examples:**

- **Question**:What do you have to do today ?
- **Answers**:I have to practice my guitar.

- **Question**:Does Jin have to go shopping today ?
- **Answers**:No ,She doesn’t, She want shopping yesterday. That’s why she doesn’t have to go shopping today.

- **Question**:What did Yatie have to do today?
- **Answers**:She had to take some pictures with her camera. After that, she had to email the pictures to her friends.[ Notice that this is in the past tense.]

**Practice** :

Directions : Use “have to” and the verb in parentheses(___) to complete each question in the present tense or the past tense :

Present Tense :

- ___ you ___ ___ ___ home ? (go)
- ___ she ___ ___ ___ work today?(work)
- What time ___ they ___ ___ ___ at the party? (be)
- ___ I ___ ___ ___ all of this laundry today ? (do)
- How long ___ he ___ ___ ___ at the hospital ? (stay)

Past Tense :

- ___ Martha ___ ____ ___ her mother yesterday? (help)
- What time ___ they ____ ___ ___ to the airport ? (get)
- Why ___ this ___ ____ ___ so long ? (take)
- ____ you ___ ___ ____ to school during the summer ? (go)
- Why ___ Bob ___ ___ ___ to the police ? (talk)

**Answers**:
- Do you have to go home ?(go)
- Does she have to do work today ?(work)
- What time do they have to be at the party ? (be)
- Do I have to do all of this laundry today ? (do)
- How long does he have to stay at the hospital?(stay)

**Past Tense**:

- Did Martha  have to help her mother yesterday?(help)
- What time did they have to got to the airport?(get)
- Why did this have to took so long ? (take)
- Did you have to went to school during the summer ? (go)
- Why did Bob have to talk to the police ? (talk)

### Quiz Time :

**Part A.**

Directions: Complete each sentence with “have to ” and the main verb .
All of these sentence are in the present tense.
Some sentence are negative.(10 points)

- She ___ ___ ___ her homework. (finish)
- I ___ ___ ___ dinner. (make)
- Your teacher ___ ___ ___ class today.(cancel)
- The paint ___ ___ ___ before you can touch it .(dry)
- Todd ___ ___ ___ ___ to work tomorrow.(drive — negative)
- Martha’s kids ___ ___ ___ ___ to school today because it’s holiday. (go — negative)
- The soup ___ ___ ___ for about half an hour. (cook)
- We ___ ___ ___ at the airport by 8:30 in the morning.(be)
- You ___ ___ ___ ___ the dishes.(do — negative)
- The students ___ ___ ___ ___ their books to class. (bring)

**Part B.**

Directions: Complete each sentence with “have to” and the main verb .
All of these sentence are int the past tense .
Some sentences are negative.(10 points)

- Tony ___ ___ ___ last night. (work)
- I ___ ___ ___ the grass. (cut)
- Melissa ___ ___ ___ ___ for school early this morning. (leave — negative)
- The workers ___ ___ ___ ___ on strike because they agreed on a new contract. (go — negative)
- we ___ ___ ___  to sleep early.
- Stan ___ ___ ___ extra for a larger room at the hotel. (pay)
- Sarah ___ ___ ___ ___ the doctor last week because her condition improved.(see - negative)
- Bill ___ ___ ___ his  driver’s license before it expired. (renew)
- No one at the restaurant ___ ___ ___ for lunch because the food was free that day. (pay)
- Because of all the rain we got, I ___ ___ ___ ___ my garden yesterday. (water — negative)

**Part C.**

Directions : Complete each question with “have to” and the main verb.
Some questions are in the present tense and some are in the past tense. (5 points)

- What ____ I ____ ____ ____ ? (do - present tense)
- ____ you ____ ____ ____ that letter ? (mail - present tense)
- Who ____ she ____ ____ ____ to ? (talk - past tense)
- ____ the students ____ ____ ____ a test this morning? (take - past tense)
- ____ John ____ ____ ____ his car to a mechanic ? ( take - past tense)


### Answers :

**Part A.**

Directions: Complete each sentence with “have to ” and the main verb .
All of these sentence are in the present tense.
Some sentence are negative.(10 points)

- She `has to` `finish` her homework. (finish)
- I `have to` `make` dinner. (make)
- Your teacher `has to` `cancel` class today.(cancel)
- The paint `has to` dry before you can touch it .(dry)
- Todd `doesn’t have to` `drive` to work tomorrow.(drive — negative)
- Martha’s kids `don’t have to` `go to` school today because it’s holiday. (go — negative)
- The soup `has to` `cook` for about half an hour. (cook)
- We `have to` `be` at the airport by 8:30 in the morning.(be)
- You `don’t have to` `do` the dishes.(do — negative)
- The students `have to` `bring` their books to class. (bring)

**Part B.**

Directions: Complete each sentence with “have to” and the main verb .
All of these sentence are int the past tense .
Some sentences are negative.(10 points)

- Tony `had to` `work` last night. (work)
- I `had` `to` cut the grass. (cut)
- Melissa `didn’t have to` `leave` for school early this morning. (leave — negative)
- The workers `didn’t have to` `go` on strike because they agreed on a new contract. (go — negative)
- we `had to` `go` to sleep early. (go)
- Stan `had to` `pay` extra for a larger room at the hotel. (pay)
- Sarah `didn’t have to` `see` the doctor last week because her condition improved.(see - negative)
- Bill `had to` `renew` his  driver’s license before it expired. (renew)
- No one at the restaurant `had to` `pay` for lunch because the food was free that day. (pay)
- Because of all the rain we got, I `didn’t have to` water my garden yesterday. (water — negative)

**Part C.**

Directions : Complete each question with “have to” and the main verb.
Some questions are in the present tense and some are in the past tense. (5 points)

- What `do` I `have to` `do` ? (do - present tense)
- `Do` you `have to` `mail` that letter ? (mail - present tense)
- Who `did` she `have to` `talk` to ? (talk - past tense)
- `Did` the students `have to` `take` a test this morning? (take - past tense)
- `Did` John `have to` `take` his car to a mechanic ? ( take - past tense)

### Reading Time : 阅读时间

- **Vocabulary:**
  - **freeze**: water gets cold enough to change to ice.
  - **inch**: a unit of measurement equivalent to 2.5 centimeters
  - **mood**: feeling
  - **remain**: stay
  - **shovel** : to use a tool for the removal of material , such as snow.
  - **slip** : fall

It snowed last night.
We got five inches of new snow.
That’s almost half a foot.
I’ll go outside soon and shovel the snow of the sidewalk so that no one slips.

Everyone is very excited about the snow.
There is just a week left before Christmas and the snow puts people into a holiday mood.
It brightens everything during the day.
Light reflects off of the white surface of the snow at night.
This makes it easy to see in the darkness.

It will remain cold and snowy for the next three months.
That’s okay.
There are many fun things to do when there is snow on the ground.
We can go sledding or skiing .
We can also go skating as soon as the lakes freeze.

**How much do you remember from the reading ? Fill in the blanks.**

- 1A: How many inches of snow fell ?
- 1B: ____ inches of snow fell. (5)
- 2A: When did it snow ?
- 2B: It ____ last night.
- 3A: What can you use to clean the snow away ?
- 3B: You can use a ____ .(铁铲)
- 4A: How many more months are there of cold weather ?
- 4B: There are ____ more months of winter weather. (3个月)

(**Answers**: 1.five; 2. snowed; 3. shovel; 4. three;)
