---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Red level like"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Teach'
show: true
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

## Like

The word "like" gets special attention in this level because it's a popular word in English. 
Understanding how to use "like" is important.

- "Like" expresses your happiness with `something` or `someone`:
    - I like this ice cream. / I like my neighbors.
- "Like" is used to make `comparisons` and to ask questions about people and things:
    - Question: What is it like to live in Minnesota in January?
    - Answer: It's like living in Siberia.
    - Question: Why is he like that?
    - Answer: I don't know. He's just naturally a mean person.
    - A cantaloupe is like a honeydew melon.
    - A honeydew melon tastes kind of like a cantaloupe.
- "Like" is often used with "would" as a polite way of asking what a person wants. You often hear this in restaurants:
    - Question: What would you like to have for lunch?
    - Answer: I'd like a veggie sub, french fries, and a coke. (note the use of the contraction: I'd like = I would like.)
- "How do you like..." is used to ask if someone likes something. It's very similar to "Do you like _______?"
    - Question: How do you like living in this city?
    - Answer: It's great. I really like it.
    - Question: How do you like your pizza?
    - Answer: It's awesome!
- "Like" sometimes doesn't mean anything at all. 
Americans use it in the same way they use "you know" and "uuhhhh...." (Try to avoid doing this when you speak English.) It's a bad habit. Teenagers use this "like" a lot.  
    - That movie was, `like`, so good.
    - I was, `like`, really mad at my teacher because he gave me a bad grade, and he was, `like`, "Here. you earned this."

** Warning ** : "I like." The verb should have an object somewhere after it. (The exception is example #5.)

- Question: Do you like this car?
- Answer: <s> Yes, I like.</s> (incorrect!)
- Answer: Yes, I like it. (correct!) Or...I like this car.

### Reading time:  "Look! There's a jukebox!"

"Look! There's a `jukebox`!" said Donna. 
She got up from the restaurant table she was sitting at with her friends and went over to take a look at a large, old jukebox from the 1950s. 
Inside the wooden `cabinet` she could see a stack of 45 rpm vinyl `records`. `Surrounding` the front of the jukebox were orange and yellow lights.

Donna's friend, Bill, `suddenly` became interested. "Does it work?" he asked.

"Well, there's only one way to find out." said Donna. "Do you have any change? It looks like it takes `quarters`."

Bill reached into his pocket for some change and pulled out a quarter. He put the coin into the `slot` that said, "Quarters only." 
They could hear it drop down into the machine.

"We get two songs for a quarter. 
I'll pick one and you can pick one. 
What do you want to hear? asked Bill.

"Is Elvis Presley on here?" 
Donna looked through the list of songs and said, 
"Elvis Presley. 'Love Me Tender'."

"Okay," said Bill. 
"And I want to hear 'Satisfaction' by the Rolling Stones."

Bill pushed the buttons for each song. 
They could hear some kind of movement inside the machine, 
and soon "Love Me Tender" was playing inside the restaurant. 
Everyone was happy with this choice.

** How much do you remember from the reading? full in the blanks. **

- 1A: What kind of a machine did Donna find?
- 1B: She found a <em><u>jukebox</u></em> .
- 2A: What does it do?
- 2B: It <em><u>plays</u></em> music.
- 3A: How much money did Bill put into the machine?
- 3B: <em><u>He</u></em> put in twenty-five cents.
- 4A: How many songs did they choose?
- 4B: They chose <em><u>two</u></em> songs.
- 5A: What song did Donna choose?
- 5B: She chose <em><u>'Love Me Tender'</u></em>.
  









