---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 2 练习答案"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Answer'
show: false
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

# Answers:

## Part A.
**Directions:** Make each sentence negative using the word "not." Do not use the contraction. (10 points)
1. He `is not` here today.
2. They `are not` ready to leave yet.
3. It `is not` sunny outside.
4. We `are not` at work today.
5. I `am not` on the phone.
6. The students `are not` in the classroom.
7. My friend John `is not` in his car.
8. You `are not` in line.
9. These shoes `are not` on sale.
10. Maria `is not` in the kitchen.
 
## Part B.
**Directions:** Complete each sentence using the verb "be" in the negative. Please use a contraction. (10 points)

1. Sarah `isn't` a good choice for that job.
2. There `aren't` any students in the classroom.
3. You `aren't` at the party yet.
4. He `isn't` happy with his new computer.
5. `I'm` not hungry today. (can't contract "**_am_**" with "**_not_**")
6. The employees `aren't on break.
7. The sun `isn't` out today.
8. There `isn't` a good movie on TV tonight.
9. You and I `aren't` at work today.
10. The dog `isn't` thirsty.

## Part C
* Write the verb "be" in the negative form. (5 points)

Singular | Plural
-------- | ------
I `am not` | We `are not`
You `are not` | You `are not`
He `is not` |
She `is not` | They `are not`
It `is not` |

* Write the verb "be" in the negative form. Contract the subject and the verb "be." (5 points)

Singular | Plural
-------- | ------
I`'m not` | We`'re not`
You`'re not` | You`'re not`
He`'s not` |
She`'s not` | They`'re not`
It`'s not` |

* Write the verb "be" in the negative form. Contract the verb "be" and "not." (5 points)

Singular | Plural
-------- | -------
I `am not` | We `aren't`
You `aren't` | You `aren't`
He `isn't` |
She `isn't` | They `aren't`
It `isn't` |

