---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 10 练习答案"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Answer'
show: false
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

### Quiz Answers :

* Part A.
Directions: Fill in the blank space with the correct article: "`a`" or "`the`"

1. `The` coffee I made isn't very good.
2. I need to buy `a` new car. (any car)
3. I can't see `the` sun.
4. This is `the` first time for me.
5. Do you want to see `a` movie today? (any movie)
6. Mary goes to `a` very good school.
7. I put gas into `the` car.  (my car / my family's car)
8. `The` bus that I take every day stops right here.
9. That is `a` very large truck.
10. Some of `the` apples I got at the store are bad.

* Part B.
Directions: Fill in the blank with "`a`" or "`an`."

1. She saw `a` friend in class.
2. An apple `a` day keeps the doctor away.
3. My teacher has `a` big classroom.
4. Jose drives `an` hour to and from work every day.
5. Is that `a` fresh apple, or is it an old apple?
6. That is `a` good way to learn English.
7. Christine is `an` honest person.
8. We once owned `a` house in Minneapolis.
9. Do you want to take `an` English class?
10. There's `a` cracked egg in the egg carton.

* Part C.
Directions: Fill in the blank with "`the`" or "`--`" (nothing). Some of these sentences don't require "`the`." (10 points)

1. There was a lot of ` ` rain last night. (no article)
2. `The` rain came down hard last night.
3. `The` history of Mexico is very interesting.
4. I like to study ` ` history. (no article)
5. `The` medicine I took is making me dizzy.
6. I got some ` ` medicine at the store. (no article before medicine)
7. They used to live in `the` United States.
8. `The` city of Chicago is very big.
9. I like to study ` ` English. (no article)
10. `The` English language is very difficult.

(*Remember that some words in some situations don't use an article)

__Reading Time:__

(answers: 1. at; 2. cleaned; 3. cavity; 4. come back)
