---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 5 练习答案"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Answer'
show: false
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

* Part A.
    * __Directions:__ Complete each sentence or question with `this` or `these`.
1. Is `this` yours?
2. `This` is really difficult.
3. Are `these` books from the library?
4. Was `this` a useful lesson?
5. When were `these` lemons purchased?
6. `This` milk tastes kind of sour.
7. Take a look at `these` pants. Aren't they nice?
8. `These` cars don't have a good safety record.
9. Where was `this`? Does it go here on the shelf?
10. Does `this` cost a lot of money?
 
* Part B.
    * __Directions:__ Complete each sentence or question with `that` or `those`.
1. How do you like `those` peaches?
2. `That` was the best movie I have ever seen!
3. `Those` tables are dirty. Please clean them.
4. Whose are `those`?
5. `That` furniture is kind of expensive.
6. Please hand me `those` towels.
7. Whose is `that`?
8. How much are `those` books?
9. We need to get `that` car out of the garage.
10. `That` is basmati rice. It's very good.

* Part C.
    * __Directions:__ Complete each sentence or question with `this`, `that`, `these` or `those`.
1. Are `those` books over there on the table yours?
2. `These` grapes I'm eating are really good.
3. `That` was a great movie we saw last night.
4. Take a look at `that` car across the street.
5. In `those` days, everyone on the street knew each other.
6. What's the difference between `this` group here, and
`that` group way over there?
7. Where are `those` shoes you bought for me?
8. `This` is the first time I have ever seen an eclipse.
9. `That` was the first time I had ever seen a rhinocerous.
10. `Those` apples were rotten so I threw them away.