---
nav: blog
layout: post
title: "英语学习 Blue level 9 练习答案"
author: "Pual"
tags:
  - English
  - Learn
category:
  - 'English Answer'
show: false
---

[{{ site.nav.home.name }}]({% link index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.name }}]({% link blog/index.md %})/
[{{ site.nav.blog.subnav.english.name }}]({% link blog/english/index.md %})/
{{ page.title }}

### Quiz Answers :

* Part A. - Statements and Negative Statements

__Directions:__ Fill in the blank with `have`, `has`, `doesn't have`, or `don't have`. (20 points)

1. `He` `has` a very good job.
2. `She` `doesn't have` a car. (negative)
3. `I` `don't have` much time today. (negative)
4. `The students` `have` their books.
5. The `cat` `has` enough food.
6. My `car` `doesn't have` any gas. (negative)
7. `You` `have` a lot of work to do.
8. `We` `don't have` any milk. (negative)
9. The `government` `has` thousands of employees.
10. `Maria` `has` a new computer.
11. `I` usually `have` two cups of coffee every morning.
12. `They` `don't have` any water. (negative)
13. The `house` `doesn't have` a phone (negative)
14. `Maria and John` `have` a lot of fun when they are together.
15. `You` `don't have` any work to do. (negative)
16. The `police` `have` someone in the back seat of their car.
17. `Arthur` `has` his paycheck.
18. My daughter's `teacher` `has` seven children.
19. `I` `have` a toothache.
20. `He` never `has` any problems.

* Part B. - Questions

__Directions:__ Fill in the blank spaces to make questions with `do`, `does`, or `have`. (10 points)

1. When `do` you `have` your next class?
2. `Does` she `have` a guitar?
3. `Do` I `have` my keys and my wallet?
4. Why `does` he `have` that ugly shirt on?
5. How `do` they `have` time to get their work finished?
6. What time `does` Maria `have` her appointment? -> Maria (she)
7. `Does` the house `have` three bedrooms? ->the house(it)
8. Where `do` we `have` our candles?
9. `Does` the dog `have` a collar? -> the dog (it)
10. `Do` elephants `have` big ears?  ->elephants (they)

* __Reading time:__

(answers: 1. furniture; 2. salespeople; 3. has; 4. likes)
